Was missing the location of the master files that many people ask for in the overview (#3311)
internetarchive/openlibrary: Readme.md

- [Infogami Developer Tutorial](https://openlibrary.org/dev/docs/infogami)

> After reading the tech and developments for a background on Infogami, the most recent files can be viewed and worked on.
> 
> - [Infogami master files](https://github.com/internetarchive/infogami)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After reading the Infogami technology overview and developer tutorial, please visit the [Infogami repository](https://github.com/internetarchive/infogami) to see if there are places where you can contribute.
```

> After reading the tech and developments for a background on Infogami, the most recent files can be viewed and worked on.
> 
> - [Infogami master files](https://github.com/internetarchive/infogami)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to dive into the source code for Infogami, see the [Infogami repo](https://github.com/internetarchive/infogami).
```

- Removed the bullet point to reduce visual weight; this is less essential for OL development than the other 2 points.
- Used `If ...` to clarify this is an optional, not essential step of getting familiar with Open Library's backend.

How's this @cclauss @BrittanyBunk ?

Author: Perfect!
